README.md, before:

"REACT FUNDAMENTALS" 
"04.04.2016 - 8:50 - start of the project" 
"04.04.2016 - 10:30 - Lesson1: react and babel configuration, creating files - index.html, App.js, main.js, webpack.config.js" 
"04.04.2016 - 11:30 - Lesson2: update file App.js (diference between class and function for returning components" 
"04.04.2016 - 12:00 - Lesson3: update file App.js (render() method - how to return "more" than 1 element)" 
"04.04.2016 - 13:15 - Lesson4: update file App.js (class arguments, defining their types and default values)" 
"04.04.2016 - 14:05 - Lesson5: update file App.js (class 'state' field, update possibilities)" 
"04.04.2016 - 15:10 - Lesson6: update file App.js (class rendering the class, division update into smaller parts)" 
"04.04.2016 - 16:05 - Lesson7: update file App.js (unique ref values)" 
"04.04.2016 - 16:35 - Lesson8: update file App.js (nasting elements &functions, this.props.children)" 
"04.04.2016 - 17:45 - Lesson9: update file App.js (component methods: mount/unmount)" 
"04.04.2016 - 18:05 - Lesson10: update file App.js (examples of mount/unmount methods, method set/clearInterval)" 
"04.04.2016 - 18:30 - Lesson11: update file App.js (methods: componentWillReceiveProps, shouldComponentUpdate, componentDidUpdate)"

Commit message:

Lesson 12 - funct which receives other component

README.md, after:

"REACT FUNDAMENTALS" 
"04.04.2016 - 08:50 - start of the project" 
"04.04.2016 - 10:30 - Lesson1: react and babel configuration, creating files - index.html, App.js, main.js, webpack.config.js" 
"04.04.2016 - 11:30 - Lesson2: update file App.js (diference between class and function for returning components" 
"04.04.2016 - 12:00 - Lesson3: update file App.js (render() method - how to return "more" than 1 element)" 
"04.04.2016 - 13:15 - Lesson4: update file App.js (class arguments, defining their types and default values)" 
"04.04.2016 - 14:05 - Lesson5: update file App.js (class 'state' field, update possibilities)" 
"04.04.2016 - 15:10 - Lesson6: update file App.js (class rendering the class, division update into smaller parts)" 
"04.04.2016 - 16:05 - Lesson7: update file App.js (unique ref values)" 
"04.04.2016 - 16:35 - Lesson8: update file App.js (nasting elements &functions, this.props.children)" 
"04.04.2016 - 17:45 - Lesson9: update file App.js (component methods: mount/unmount)" 
"04.04.2016 - 18:05 - Lesson10: update file App.js (examples of mount/unmount methods, method set/clearInterval)" 
"04.04.2016 - 18:30 - Lesson11: update file App.js (methods: componentWillReceiveProps, shouldComponentUpdate, componentDidUpdate)" 
"06.04.2016 - 09:15 - Lesson 12: update file App.js (method which receives other component and sets its values properly"
